---
published: true
---
# In Pursuit of Hanami (花見)
---
## 1日 (Day 1)

I started planning for a trip to Japan with my friend Jason in November of 2016. We booked our flight through Japan airlines and started looking for places to hit up and things to do. I woke up bright and early and left for the airport around 6:00 AM in the morning. I brought two suitcases with me, one with all my traveling necessities, and a nearly empty one for gifts and souvenirs. I met up with Jason at LAX Terminal 4 and we proceeded to check in our luggage and head past TSA. I haven’t been on a 10 hour+ international flight in so long. The last time was when I flew to Hong Kong with my parents-- but I forgot how old I was then. We had booked economy seats for JL flight number 7017. There was some confusion beforehand because it was a codeshare flight and we could have checked in to American Airlines Flight #27 as well. 

When I first stepped on the plane, I noticed how large the plane was. Then I noticed how cool the first class and business class seats look. I was afraid that I wouldn’t have enough leg room, since I was assigned a middle seat, but there was plenty. My friend got a window seat, but we were seated where the wing was, which wasn’t a great view. Everything, including the call attendant button, light switch, etc, had been upgraded since I last boarded a plane. There was a retractable remote, a touch screen, and a pretty cool folding shelf. I was slightly tired from the drive to the airport so I took a brief nap so I don’t remember much of  take off but I got to practice my first Japanese phrase, **“ありがとうございます”** (Arigatou Gozaimasu!) with the flight attendant, who was offering drinks from the cart. 

I opted for a cup of orange juice, since I wanted to avoid the soda (I did end up getting some before the plane landed so that was pointless). I pulled out my Genki book I had bought a few months ago and tried learning Japanese while enjoying the juice at 35,000+ feet. I got as far as verb conjugations in the present tense then decided I had enough. Also I was beginning to feel dizzy, so that didn’t help either. Looking back, I should have watched a couple of movies since the airliner had a ton of movies that I wanted to see in theatres but never got the chance to due to work and graduate school (Dr. Strange, Fantastic Beasts, Sing, Assassin’s Creed, Moana, Lala Land…okay I will admit that I’m just a “bit” behind on movies). I ended up just taking a nap in the comfortable reclining seats multiple times, messing around with touch screen by looking up flight information, and waking up for lunch, snacks, and dinner. The flight attendant had offered us a small bag of pretzels shorty after takeoff. A few hours later, lunch came around and we could choose either Chicken or Pork (both served with rice). The containers were so tiny! I felt like I could eat ten of them and still be hungry. But, it gave me an initial sense of the presentation and care for details i would be experiencing in Japan. 

I chose the pork option and along with that was a bun with butter spread, a small box of edamame, a box of salad with dressing on the side, a brownie bar, and a small bottle of water.
[show picture] [caption: Lunch on JAL. You can see that my no-soda-pledge did not last long]
After switching between reading Genki, napping, and sneaking casual peeks at what movies other people were watching in front of me, the attendant brought us more snacks to munch on. (I was beginning to get hungry so the timing couldn’t have been more perfect). The snack was a small box with an equally small sandwich in it, a smaller bag of chips, and a tiny container of salted caramel ice cream. The ice cream was so good, and I convinced Jason to make an ice cream float out of it, which made it even better. Fast forward a few hours and some more drink offerings after, it was time for dinner. 

This time the choice was either chicken or an omelette. I thought the chicken would be the better choice but I was wrong. The omelette was larger and looked more filling. There was only a  small scoop of chicken, some rice, and some vegetables in the tiny box. We also got some fruit on the side (strawberry, grapefruit, honeydew, and cantaloupe, if I recall correctly) so that was nice. We still had about a few hours to go for the flight. The flight attendant passed out some customs forms that we needed to complete after we landed. Fast forward a few hours again, we started oohing and aahing from the little view we beheld at the side of the airplane wing. We realized that we were getting closer and closer to Tokyo. We made it and I couldn't wait to begin my adventure.

## 2日 (Day 2)

After landing, going through customs, and grabbing our luggage, we headed towards the Tokyo Monorail to take us to Tokyo Station. But first, I needed to use the restroom. As I walked into the public restroom, my first thought was, “wow this is so clean!” Then I opened the door to the stall and saw my first Toto Washlet (I’ll spare myself the details but I had to try out the features it offered). Then, it was time to go to meet our guide that would take us to our hotel. (Originally we had an Airbnb, but due to an unfortunate pipe leakage, we weren’t able to stay there so the host was gracious enough to reserve us a room in a nearby hotel). 

Our guide’s name was Yasuto, but we called him Yasu. He was a really nice guy and he set our expectations for Japanese people speaking English (that would not hold for long though). He helped us with the room reeservation and made sure we were all set before leaving. However, once we got to the room, it smelled heavily of smoke and it had a Japanese double-size bed that looked like the size I had back home. We tried messing around with the thermostat, but since it was all in Japanese, it only made things worse (I think we wanted the air conditioner, but we turned on the heater…). After talking to our Airbnb host and Yasu for an hour to explain our situation, we managed to scrounge up two adjacent single rooms, which was awesome and even better than what we originally expected from our Airbnb. 

At this point, it was around 20:30 and I was ravenous (For those of you who know me, think 3x that amount). We stopped by the first restaurant near our hotel and it turned out to serve curry, udon, and soba. You paid through a vending machine, took a ticket, and gave it to the person behind the counter. I got a bowl of curry, which came with a side of udon and rice. It was really good but I wanted more. So, we explored around Akihabara Electric Town, passed Gundam Cafe and arcades, and came across the Akiba Ichi Department Store, which looked really promising. We wanted to eat at Hamburg Strong (https://udx-akibaichi.jp/php/link.php?store=12&lang=01), since they give you a small grill to sear your meat but the wait was 30 minutes and we couldn’t wait that long. We heard about the maid cafes and decided to check one out. 

The @Home Cafe was located on the 5F of the Akihabara Don Quixote building. It was a totally different vibe inside the cafe. Our maid’s name was Mahime and she greeted us with “master.” At first it was weird, but I adapted quickly and it became a really fun experience. We ordered the recommended meal, which included a drink, an entree, and a photo with the maid of your choice. I got a mocha latte and omurice. Mahime drew Snoopy on my latte and a bunny on the omurice (She definitely made it look easier than it was). We felt very limited with our Japanese since we really couldn’t communicate that well with Mahime, but overall it was a great experience. After dinner, we walked through Akihabara Electric Town some more. I got my first (out of many) Gashapon at one of the Sega buildings. (Gudetama and mini cast iron pans). We saw a lot of cool prizes in the Japanese UFO Catchers such as figurines and plush toys.  We were exhausted so we headed back to the hotel. The next day would be pretty busy, so we need all the energy we can get.

**おやすみ!** (Oyasumi!)

See you tomorrow!
